Add robots.txt instructions (#11693)
decidim/decidim: RELEASE_NOTES.md

You can check more about the implementation in the [\#10700](https://github.com/decidim/decidim/pull/10700) pull request.

> ### 3.11 Patch robots.txt

Reviewer: How about adding more details in why we're doing this instead of the what?
```suggestion
### 3.11 Anti-spam measures in the robots.txt
```

> In order to append default Decidim robots.txt to the application's robots.txt, we have added a new task that helps you to do that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to improve the fight against spam attacks in Decidim applications, we have added a new task that helps you replace yours. Take into account that this will override your robots.txt, so if you have done any change you need to make a backup before running this task.
```
